I give up drinking every week
I honestly need all my Royeres to be museum quality... if I see a fake Royere Ima have to Rick James your couch
We will be recognized
I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle
The world is our office
For me to say I wasn't a genius I'd just be lying to you and to myself
I leave my emojis bart Simpson color
People always tell you 'Be humble. Be humble.' When was the last time someone told you to be amazing? Be great! Be awesome! Be awesome!
The thought police want to suppress freedom of thought
Pulling up in the may bike
Decentralize
I don't wanna see no woke tweets or hear no woke raps ... it's show time ... it's a whole different energy right now
One day I'm gon' marry a porn star
Distraction is the enemy of vision
I really love my Tesla. I'm in the future. Thank you Elon.
All you have to be is yourself
There's a crying need for civility across the board. We need to and will come together in the name of Jesus.
We've gotten comfortable with not having what we deserve
Truth is my goal. Controversy is my gym. I'll do a hundred reps of controversy for a 6 pack of truth
My mama was a' English teacher. I know how to use correct English but sometimes I just don't feel like it aaaand I ain't got to
People tried to talk me out of running for President. Never let weak controlling people kill your spirit
George Bush doesn't care about black people
Trust me ... I won't stop
My greatest award is what I'm about to do.
I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle
Speak God's truth to power
You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing.
Have you ever thought you were in love with someone but then realized you were just staring in a mirror for 20 minutes?
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
The thought police want to suppress freedom of thought
I'm giving all Good music artists back the 50% share I have of their masters
My first pillar when I'm on the board of adidas will be an adidas Nike collaboration to support community growth
We are here to complete the revolution. We are building the future
For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success
Sometimes I push the door close button on people running towards the elevator. I just need my own elevator sometimes. My sanctuary.
We will be recognized
Culture is the most powerful force in humanity under God
My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
I hear people say this person is cool and this person is not cool. People are cool. Man has never invented anything as awesome as a an actual person but sometimes we value the objects we create over life itself
You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing.
My greatest award is what I'm about to do.
Perhaps I should have been more like water today
I honestly need all my Royeres to be museum quality... if I see a fake Royere Ima have to Rick James your couch
Only free thinkers
My first pillar when I'm on the board of adidas will be an adidas Nike collaboration to support community growth
I love sleep; it's my favorite.
The world is our office
Shut the fuck up I will fucking laser you with alien fucking eyes and explode your fucking head
Artists are founders
Winning is the only option
I want the world to be better! All I want is positive! All I want is dopeness!
